the story of the movie experiment starts
with two elephants images with the
written statement natural selection
then the attack of some insects on one
another is shown including aquatic and
terrestrial animals then the animal like
a assault of human beings as bloodshed
and violence is shown on the other human
beings then a character named travis
comes on the scene he is an anti-war
protester next scene starts in the
public where the public is slogging and
the banners of written statements as no
more coffins and peace are caught travis
is also in the procession and talking
with a man the court banner of travis
has a written phrase on it as bring them
home
meanwhile a girl is pushed by someone
who is there and she has fallen down
travis has got angry noticing it and he
starts punching to that man and police
cover the matter coming there that girl
asks travis are you all right afterward
they are befriended conversation begins
as she tells him she is going to india
in the next scene travis is reading a
newspaper sitting in his room he sees an
advertisement where some subjects are
required for behavioral experiment
its duration is two weeks and there is a
need a staff the salary is one thousand
dollars per day travis goes for
interview and encounters a man named
baris who sits next to him travis calls
him smart man while looking at him and
that smart man says to him we are
strangers a primary scientist arranges a
meeting with the candidates after a time
he says we are going to conduct a
behavioral experiment
for it we need to arrange a short series
test for it he wants to clear before it
as these things will be provided to you
in the secure environment
it will be an actual experiment
some of the subjects will be deprived of
their civil rights
then he says let's start the test
different questions are posed on travis
and the other members as a word violence
is uttered before travis and he says no
afterwards the word religion is uttered
before him he again says no
scientist says on it it is a broad area
the more questions are also asked from
barris and travis in the same way and
travis is seated in a place where a
screen is fixed which plays the scenes
of violence after that spending time
with her friend travis again reaches the
same place he also meets barris there he
says to him after meeting nice to meet
you
mostly people among them are anxious and
jobless
and they agree with it the primary
scientist tells them there are
experiments in coming two weeks for all
of you kimo says i will take back civil
rights from all of you you have a last
chance if you want to quit
then the complete staff not looking at
one another
then leader says good he says your
safety will be the first priority of
yours the experiment will be terminated
if any violence on your part occurs
then leader calls attendance of everyone
and the mentioned person is stood making
other group
while sitting people re-ask to follow
another cue in the same way scientist
leaves saying good luck gentlemen
barry's team is instructed
barry's team is of guards while travis
team is of prisoners travis team is told
there are five crucial rules for the
prisoners they are informed about the
rules as prisoners are only limited to
the designated area then it is told they
will be served three times food and they
are responsible to clean their plates
after eating the time duration of 30
minutes will be for their recreation in
which they can take break
otherwise more rules are also told with
a warning as that candidate will be
punished if he breaks any rule it is
also told this experiment is not only
relevant with individual it will be
imposed on the whole group in case of
breaking the rule by an individual
red light will be switched on if
disciplinary action is not taken within
30 minutes against the group members and
experiment will be terminated
then scientist says now i will see you
after two weeks
then a group member of barris says put
on the clothes according to your
allocated numbers and the given cell
assignment will be stuck with their
cells
then everyone moves to his allocated
cell travis observes the fixed cameras
there travis prisoner mates are nyx and
benji in the next time recreational time
of playing basketball arrives
now prisoners are playing basketball a
prisoner hits the basketball to the
guard while playing it
god's lips start bleeding because of the
hit of basketball but god cannot react
according to the rules he says to him we
can take the disciplinary action within
30 minutes his fellows refuse to take
action when he talks with them then
guards group member punishes that
prisoner who has hit the guard saying to
have 10 push-ups all prisoners are also
asked to do the same all have 10
push-ups
guards room has the camera's screens
which makes the possibility to keep an
eye on the activities of the prisoners
otherwise prisoners are served food by
the guards because it is the second day
now a food item is not lacked by one
prisoner but the food plates cleanliness
is necessary according to the rule
travis does also not clean the plates
with some of his prisoners he turns his
plate down on the hand of guard when he
forces him he says look i have cleaned
the plate
guard leader says loudly they will have
to exercise more push-ups a prisoner
throws a food item on the face of guard
and he says look i have exercised
push-up then the same guard throws food
on them as a result all prisoners begin
to throw all things on them and guards
flee from there and prisoners shout it
is our home they are excited in the next
scene all guards are talking about the
rules afterward barris plans that we
will have to humiliate all prisoners
because they acted as such
he sprays the fire extinguisher in the
sill of prisoners after saying it
then barris locks travis with the
prisoner's door using handcuffs in order
to take revenge from him
barris says to travis on his said words
shut up
then he says it loudly such incidents
should not be happened again after
explaining it to all then he says loudly
everyone has got it all reply yes sir
then going in front of the mirror
bharara's smiles on the other side
travis is upset and in angry mood he
hears his prisoner meets voice he says
my blood sugar has dropped too low
guards ask him to keep quiet when he
tells his problem to them
paris addresses all prisoners on the
third day of trial he says now 11 days
have remained we should act as such as
everyone may return to his home happily
then he asks where is the poisoner
number 61
going inside with the other guard barris
finds that prisoner in ailment his mane
is benji who is lied down on his bed
barris asks him to stand up but travis
reveals about his ailment favoring him
but god does not convince and says rules
are rules travis says experiment will be
terminated in case of harming one
another then guard orders go back to
your cells again
and all prisoners are locked now being
locked in prisoner worried travis begins
to imagine his friend and he also talks
with his prisoner mate
on the other side guards are talking as
experiment will be over if someone is
hurt and will also not be paid so it is
better to resolve it using another
technique in the same way barris thinks
of a second plan as he frees travis from
the cell at night time in order to take
revenge from him
then he makes him bound with the chair
taking him to a place
after that he shaves his head with
shaving machine while talking revenge
from him
travis is fallen away when he hits his
chair forcefully travis is dishonored
too much
he remains silent coming into his cell
when he is asked about this happening
benji is neither treated even nor served
food who was ill because he was unable
to leave his bed
hiding a bread stealthily travis serves
him to eat after coming there one member
of god comes for the help of travis at
night who was unable to face injustice
travis requests him to bring syringe and
insulin from benji's bag he will award
him cash if he wants but that guard
rejects this offer he goes to that room
stealthily where the bags are placed
after searching benji's bag he comes out
taking insulin and syringe
contrarily barris reaches to that guard
immediately who is helping travis after
watching everything through cameras he
discovers everything from him while
threatening him who asked you to do it
and he reveals everything travis himself
goes to the cell taking insulin and
syringe and puts on benji's bed he
stares at travis travis is brought to
barris leader in the next scene
then travis is ordered to clean toilet
because of his violation travis rejects
it
then travis is forced to say i am a
prisoner travis does not follow it and
says go to hell travis faces dipped into
the toilet as a punishment and toilet is
flushed in spite of this mistreatment
travis says to barys go to hell at the
end travis accepts his defeat and says i
am a prisoner in the next scene travis
is shown crying and in helpless
condition
everything is being captured by the
camera on the opposite side barris wakes
that god at night who has tried to help
travis taking him in another room he is
being put under the cruelty this guard
is brought before prisoner on the fifth
day his face is wounded and
blood-stained when his face is uncovered
barris names him poisoner number
76.travis is hearing everything and
throws his shirt on the ground after
taking it off and imitating travis all
prisoners throw their shirts down
after a while travis moves towards
camera and falls down
barris violates showing his brutality
while benji hits him losing his control
turning back barris hits benji
consequently benji begins afflicting
falling down and also wounded now benji
is motionless lying on the ground travis
is locked into an isolated iron box
which has a fixed camry inside it
now guards are confused while barris
continues to show his brutality he says
no one will know about it
on the sixth day travis continues his
laughter locked in the iron box he also
pretends to others as he is in normal
condition he does not lose his hope and
finally gets success to open the iron
box using his bracelet and he is freed
he also frees the other prisoners coming
outside and continues his efforts to
attack the guards a prisoner hands
travis over an iron stick after his
arrival to attack the other guards
guards are frightened seeing the cameras
scream because they come to know as
prisoners are freed now one of the
guards asks what should we do
holding a stick barris says we should be
ready all prisoners are beating the
glass door violently afterward the door
is opened all guards escape saving their
lives while barris is after them
prisoners are running after them madly
as they will take their lives the
shutter is not open to move outside by
the guards meanwhile the prisoners
attack them
barris stabs travis but he holds a knife
while barris loses his hand grip in fear
after it barris violently beats travis
and other prisoners are attacking on
other guards at same time red light is
switched on it means that experiment has
been terminated according to the rule
now the site of outside is visible as
the building door is unlocked chirping
of birds is heard and bright daylight is
visible after many days all begin to
walk in wounded condition and sit on the
ground dejectedly then the same bus
arrives which had dropped them here all
get seats there wearing their dresses
seated barris in the bus had a cash
check in his hand of fourteen thousand
dollars but paris is upset he looks at
travis all have been the participants of
experiments so are paid media also
telecasts the news that it was
psychological testing and all
experiments have been testified
now travis moves to india sitting near a
lake travis is observing a woman who
cleans her child's face with water after
sometimes travis friend comes at the
back side he smiles peacefully and both
are united the movie ends here subscribe
to movies inspired for more videos and
click the bell icon to encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting